oh that guy clent access baby it's like
baby baby baby ah here we got the mark
of J we got we got chris smoove we got
the market Jaso will be doing pretty
good what's going on guys this is
Kincaid or ice rink 5am here and today
we'll be playing a little bit of
infected on map overlord I've been super
indulged in college applications and
homework and stuff like that and of
course that's disappointing over
Thanksgiving break sorry I didn't upload
yesterday but I thought I'd make it up
to you and do a nice little live
commentary so we'll be playing some
Infected hopefully I don't get squatted
right at the beginning because I'm
pretty terrible at this game mode ah but
we'll give it a shot so I went
snowboarding yesterday actually met one
of my subscribers that was pretty
awesome snowboarded with him a bit so
that was really neat it's a small world
turns out he lives super close to me too
all right I'm just gonna chase a guy
down and then if he's in fact her and
I'm infected will be infected together
oh no I don't know who it was oh now I'm
secure now I'm real scared you think
anyone will see me if I hide your camper
oh oh there's a guy out there you're a
camper camper camper oh I'm about to go
camp with that little kid over there
where else could I go what's the best
spot on this map guys I'm scared whoo c4
cool oh it didn't blow up it did blow up
oh no all right where they at oh oh I
see the tack insert Oh God oh it's an
IED not a c4 that explains it I'm scared
Oh throwing knife oh I heard attack too
ah oh god please wait well oh shit back
already whoo they're coming they're
coming chucking smoke ragout
get out of my house out of my house I
don't this is probably a terrible like
hahaha let's get revenge no I should
have hit him I'm worried about not I
worried about nothing all right where
that were that hahaha it doesn't even
make the knifing animation alright
there's one little scrub-a-dub-dub left
on the enemy team I should go back
because since I'm recording and look at
where all the dots were on the map when
I was not infected to see where the last
little scrub is camping oh there he is
hey I missed ha why would he not kill me
you must have wanted to go get a drink
or something you come back with his
grape juice he's like oh that I fell on
me that's funny cuz that's the same guy
that I was staring at saying I should go
camp with them Oh we'll go on another
camping trip next time alright guys
thanks a lot for watch your gonna do
hope you enjoyed i know this is
something much different from what i
typically post so go ahead and tell me
what you thought in the comments section
below also i plan on bringing you
another guide today but I need help
testing and I tweeted it out and nobody
came to help me so I definitely need you
guys to follow me on Twitter for help in
these videos without help I truly can't
make these weapon guides and pert guides
so if you have any interest in helping
be sure to follow me on Twitter anyway
on the Left we've got an mr 28 verses I
a to web in comparison and on the right
is an MSBs weapon guide I hope you guys
enjoy ah it's a body
you